Update docs to indicate LOAD DATA...REPLACE INTO support (#7976)
pingcap/docs: privilege-management.md

### LOAD DATA

> Requires the `INSERT` privilege for the table. When using `REPLACE INTO` the `DELETE` privilege is also required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires the `INSERT` privilege for the table. When you use `REPLACE INTO`, the `DELETE` privilege is also required.
```
